Homework negatively impacts the mental health of students as it can result in anxiety and depression.
According to an Article from the University of San Diego by Psychologist Joseph Lathan, 
“The pressure to perform well academically and meet homework expectations can lead to heightened levels of anxiety in students.
Constant worry about completing assignments on time and achieving high grades can be overwhelming… Excessive homework demands could drain students’ motivation,
causing them to feel fatigued and disengaged from their studies. Reduced motivation may lead to a lack of interest in learning, hindering students’ overall academic performance.”
Because of this, some schools have started implementing no homework rules to prevent students from taking on stress and overwhelmingness caused by homework. If other schools around 
the country and eventually the world see the benefits of eliminating homework, students around the world may not be affected by anxiety and depression.
Homework also takes away essential time to develop social skills through extracurriculars
and other social activities. According to an NSHSS article by a former Georgia Tech Student, Sarah Zoloth, “Many students
participate in sports, music, clubs, or part-time jobs. Excessive homework can make it difficult for them to balance these activities, leading to a lack of engagem
ent in hobbies that contribute to personal growth and well-rounded development. Missing out on extracurricular involvement can hinder students' ability to develop te
amwork, leadership, and creative skills outside of the classroom… Spending hours on homework can reduce the time students have for socializing with friends and family. 
Social interactions are essential for emotional development, and too much homework can interfere with these important relationships. When students are overwhelmed with assignments, 
they may struggle to maintain friendships or participate in family activities, leading to feelings of isolation.” Because of this, specific schools around the United States started 
setting aside time for finishing their activities or homework, so that they can work on whatever they want. If other schools start implementing this time for finishing their homework,
the students don’t have to worry about doing work at home. They will have more time to do extracurricular activities and socialize with their family and friends.
	A common argument against this position is that homework helps students learn essential life skills. According to a Britannica article by The Editors of ProCon, “
Homework is also a major tool for learning responsibility, helping students develop key skills they’ll use throughout their lives, such as: accountability, auton
omy, discipline, time management, self-direction, critical thinking, and independent problem-solving.” This argument is wrong because even though it might help 
you build some skills, it gets eliminated by not learning social skills, and developing depression and anxiety counteract any of the benefits that might be 
obtained by doing homework. 


